... für Tierquäler und psychisch gestörte Sadisten:

"Cruelty Toward “Lothar” Animals

Paul Ellingen

The strollers on this photo unconcernedly watch the scene of cruelty 
while the kids beat the poor dog to death. They do not seem to be 
willing to prevent the sadistic act; after all, the dog is “nejis/ 
najes”, impure in Islam, let it be!

For non-Muslims, it is impossible to find a suitable word to describe 
such a cruel act, unless one is familiar with the cultures where such 
animal abuses are practised. As divine purpose, Killing or torturing 
animals are the vicious rituals still practised in some tribal cultures, 
but this is not the case in Islam. Animals like pig and dogs are 
considered as “nejis” or impure. The Islamic legal tradition has 
developed several injunctions that warn Muslims against nejis dogs.

Based on Islamic laws, a nejis body or object is essentially unclean, 
what can never be ritually clean by any means. No Muslim is allowed to 
touch a nejis body or object, it is ritually sinful. Dog, pig and 
non-Muslims are ritually nejis. There are other laws and traditions 
suggesting even to kill, torture and humiliate them.

Psychologically, since cruelty to nejis animals is widely practiced or 
tolerated in Islam, it leads to development of violent antisocial 
behaviour, Kids who repeatedly torture animals can develop high levels 
of aggression toward people as well, what unfortunately can affect these 
Muslim kids to the extent of being the future jihadists or Islamic 
terrorists. This chain reaction cycle has roots in violence deep 
embodied in the culture of Islam. Such Muslim kids who are cruel to 
animals probably witness of suffering from domestic."

<http://ahk.vuttnhslvykl.waj/?p=684>


Man muß dieser barbarischen Religion, die Krieg, Mord, Tierquälerei und 
so ziemlich alle anderen menschlichen Perversionen erlaubt, ja befiehlt, 
endlich Einhalt gebieten.

MfG

Der Habakuk.