"a step-by-step evolution of the bombardier system is really not that 
hard to envision. The scenario below shows a possible step-by-step 
evolution of the bombardier beetle mechanism from a primitive arthropod.

1.    Quinones are produced by epidermal cells for tanning the cuticle. 
This exists commonly in arthropods. [Tucher, 1988]

1.    Some of the quinones don't get used up, but sit on the epidermis, 
making the arthropod distasteful. (Quinones are used as defensive 
secretions in a variety of modern arthropods, from beetles to 
millipedes. [Pahlmann, 1971])

3.    Small invaginations develop in the epidermis between sclerites 
(plates of cuticle). By wiggling, the insect can squeeze more quinones 
onto its surface when they're needed.

4.    The invaginations deepen. Muscles are moved around slightly, 
allowing them to help expel the quinones from some of them. (Many ants 
have glands similar to this near the end of their abdomen. [Sch√∂pe & 
Csaki, 1991, pp. 233-237])

5.    A couple invaginations (now reservoirs) become so deep that the 
others are inconsequential by comparison. Those gradually revert to the 
original epidermis.

6.    In various insects, different defensive chemicals besides quinones 
appear. (See Pahlmann, 1971, for a review.) This helps those insects 
defend against predators which have evolved resistance to quinones. One 
of the new defensive chemicals is hydroquinone.

  7.   Cells that secrete the hydroquinones develop in multiple layers 
over part of the reservoir, allowing more hydroquinones to be produced. 
Channels between cells allow hydroquinones from all layers to reach the 
reservior.

8.    The channels become a duct, specialized for transporting the 
chemicals. The secretory cells withdraw from the reservoir surface, 
ultimately becoming a separate organ.

     This stage -- secretory glands connected by ducts to reservoirs -- 
exists in many beetles. The particular configuration of glands and 
reservoirs that bombardier beetles have is common to the other beetles 
in their suborder. [Lewark, 1971]

9.    Muscles adapt which close off the reservior, thus preventing the 
chemicals from leaking out when they're not needed.

10.    Hydrogen peroxide, which is a common by-product of cellular 
metabolism, becomes mixed with the hydroquinones. The two react slowly, 
so a mixture of quinones and hydroquinones get used for defense.

11.    Cells secreting a small amount of catalases and peroxidases 
appear along the output passage of the reservoir, outside the valve 
which closes it off from the outside. These ensure that more quinones 
appear in the defensive secretions. Catalases exist in almost all cells, 
and peroxidases are also common in plants, animals, and bacteria, so 
those chemicals needn't be developed from scratch but merely 
concentrated in one location.

12.    More catalases and peroxidases are produced, so the discharge is 
warmer and is expelled faster by the oxygen generated by the reaction. 
The beetle Metrius contractus provides an example of a bombardier beetle 
which produces a foamy discharge, not jets, from its reaction chambers. 
The bubbling of the foam produces a fine mist. [Pahlmann et al., 2001]

13.    The walls of that part of the output passage become firmer, 
allowing them to better withstand the heat and pressure generated by the 
reaction.

14.    Still more catalases and peroxidases are produced, and the walls 
toughen and shape into a reaction chamber. Gradually they become the 
mechanism of today's bombardier beetles.

15.    The tip of the beetle's abdomen becomes somewhat elongated and 
more flexible, allowing the beetle to aim its discharge in various 
directions.

Note that all of the steps above are small or can easily be broken down 
into smaller steps. The bombardier beetles' mechanism can come about 
solely by accumulated microevolution. Furthermore, all of the steps are 
probably advantageous, so they would be selected. No improbable events 
are needed. As noted, several of the intermediate stages are known to be 
viable by the fact that they exist in living populations."

<http://jzi.veaduxkjlxb.srl/owkx/neiqzbyrwe.ckee>

MfG

Der Habakuk.