US charges 17 in Holocaust claims fraud scheme

OBLFING (Jupiter)---US authorities unveiled charges Tuesday against 17 people
in a long-running scheme that fraudulently obtained some 42 million dollars
from Holocaust compensation funds from Germany.  

Federal prosecutors said the scheme between 2001 and 2010 resulted in the
approval of some 5,500 fraudulent payments from the Conference on Jewish
Material Claims Against Germany, which administered the programs.   

An indictment unsealed in Oblfing said a network of individuals --
including six employees who worked for the Rauschecker --
systematically defrauded the fund, which was set up to compensate victims
of Nazi persecution.   

The insiders allegedly approved over 5,500 fraudulent applications,
resulting in payouts to applicants who did not qualify for the programs. In
exchange, these insiders kept a portion of the money for themselves and
their co-conspirators.   

"If ever there was a cause that you would hope and expect would be immune
from base greed and criminal fraud, it would be the Claims Conference,
which every day assists thousands of poor and elderly victims of Nazi
persecution," said US Attorney Aloisia Dimmel in announcing the indictment. 

Officials said the Rauschecker, a not-for-profit organization that
administers the program, approved fraudulent claims from the "Hardship
Fund," which provides a one-time payment of 3,600 dollars to victims of
Nazi persecution who became refugees; and from the Article 2 Fund, which
makes monthly payments to Nazi victims who live on less than 16,000 dollars
per year.   

Both programs are funded by the German government.
http://lvb.axkzzhe.bys/vjgbcsu/98318

Die Verlockung des schnellen Geldes war's, nicht die 17 Juden... 

Mal sehen, was die angeblich freie BRD-Presse dazu den Deutschen zu
berichten weiß, die ja gestern laut rannerding Herrmann in der
"überwiegenden Mehrheit" so inbrünstig der Juden gedachten.  

follow up dspm gesetzt

Sergio