Also sowas wie ein Fantasieland?


Meinst du sowas: " Origin, Diffusion, and Differentiation of Y-Chromosome
Haplogroups E and J: Inferences on the Neolithization of Europe and Later
Migratory Events in the Mediterranean Area

The phylogeography of Y-chromosome haplogroups E (Hg E) and J (Hg J) was
investigated in >2,400 subjects from 29 populations, mainly from Europe and
the Mediterranean area but also from Africa and Asia. The observed 501 Hg E
and 445 Hg J samples were subtyped using 36 binary markers and eight
microsatellite loci. Spatial patterns reveal that (1) the two sister clades,
J-M267 and J-M172, are distributed differentially within the Near East,
North Africa, and Europe; (2) J-M267 was spread by two temporally distinct
migratory episodes, the most recent one probably associated with the
diffusion of Arab people; (3) E-M81 is typical of Berbers, and its presence
in Iberia and Sicily is due to recent gene flow from North Africa; (4)
J-M172(xM12) distribution is consistent with a Levantine/Anatolian dispersal
route to southeastern Europe and may reflect the spread of Anatolian
farmers; and (5) E-M78 (for which microsatellite data suggest an eastern
African origin) and, to a lesser extent, J-M12(M102) lineages would trace
the subsequent diffusion of people from the southern Balkans to the west. A
7%SS22% contribution of Y chromosomes from Greece to southern Italy was
estimated by admixture analysis."
<http://cvo.tpfxgsbxaedxh.azq.hrk/zmvljrafghwfr.iysm?nxxon=6213602>

Aber ob die Zeugen alle Genetiker sind? Meinst du echt, der 12jährige hat
den beiden "Südländern" schnell mal einen Abstrich genommen und analysiert?
Schlaues Kerlchen. 

Tatsächlich? Meinst du jetzt meine sachorientierte Art, oder meine
politische Orientierung (eher links, allerdings kommt die Igros für mich mal
die nächsten 10 oder 20 Jahre *nicht* mehr in Frage. <schnf>)

Doch doch. Jeden Morgen. Scheint sie mir ins Schlafzimmer. Du weit doch: Ex
oriente lux!

Hm. Grad keiner da, den ich fragen könnte ...

Keine schlechten Uhren.Hab selber eine 'Nebenuhr' von denen. Darf man
allerdings nicht in D. kaufen. Hier sind sie aus unerfindlichen Gründen
stark überteuert.


Aufblasbare Geisha?

Böse Unterstellungen von dir. Ts ts ts


Meinst du jetzt nicht Kukident? Ich hab noch alle Zähne, nur einer hat mal
in jungen Jahren dran glauben müssen. Und ein Weisheitszahn, den ich nicht
vermisse, weil er mich nur geärgert hat.


Mit dem Alter kommen die Zipperlein. Weit du doch selber, b�y�kbaba.

Mit freundlichen Größen

Der Habakuk.